What are primitive data types in Java?
There are many primitive data types in Java:-
byte, short, int, long, float, double, char, String, boolean

What are the Identifiers in Java?
Identifiers are the symbolic representation in java. These are in variable names, method name, package name, class name.  There are some reserved words in java which are not Identifiers:- int,char,private,float etc..

What is final class in Java?
Final class means no others class can inherited to this class and considered to be the final class.

What are the two ways to make a class final?
First way is use the keyword final to make a class final and second way is use access modifiers name private.

Can we create an instance of final class in another class?
Yes we can create but can not be inherited.

What is Volatile keyword used for ?
Volatile keyword is use for declaration. Means a variable can be used by multiple threads .

What is the use of Transient KeyFord ?
It's use is to tell that field is not serialized.

What are the types of casting?
There are two types of casting in java:-
Primitive casting:- When data is casted one primitive type to another primitive type (like-int,float etc)
Derived casting:- When data is casted one derived type to another derived type is called derived casting.

What is boxing and unboxing?
Wrapping of primitive content into corresponding wrapper class object is called boxing. Unwrapping the
wrapper class object into corresponding primitive content is called unboxing.

What is the difference between keyFords, identifiers and literals in java ?
Keywords are the reserved words that have a pre defined meaning for the compiler and hence are
restricted to be used as identifiers.

Identifiers are the name assigned to different programming constructs like classes, interfaces, methods ,
variables etc.


Literals are the values that are assigned to Identifiers.
For example
int count = 0;
in the above statement "int" is a keyword, "count" is an identifier and "0" is a literal




